that the governing body will continue to do everything in our power to provide the needed
relief aid to our dear brothers in these affected areas. We love you very much and thank
you for tuning in for this update.
I wish we could help. Me too. Oh, I have an idea. What is that, sweetie? Can I give this
to our brothers affected by the hurricane? Of course you can. We'll put it in the contribution
box on Sunday. I guess I can't help. There are many things you can do to help. First,
you can save some money for next time. Second, you can think about them and pray for them.
You know, Jesus felt the same way when He was here on earth. Do you remember what He said
when He helped the leper? I want to. Yes, He did what He could to help others. Just like
you. That makes us very proud of you.